#!/usr/bin/env zsh
# .zsh_plugins.txt - antidote plugins file

# Completions
mattmc3/ez-compinit
zsh-users/zsh-completions kind:fpath path:src
aloxaf/fzf-tab

# Editor
jeffreytse/zsh-vi-mode

# Prompts
romkatv/powerlevel10k

# Utils
romkatv/zsh-bench kind:path
MichaelAquilina/zsh-you-should-use
mfaerevaag/wd
hlissner/zsh-autopair
kutsan/zsh-system-clipboard
zpm-zsh/autoenv
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search
zdharma-continuum/fast-syntax-highlighting
zdharma-continuum/history-search-multi-word

# Zephyr
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/color
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/completion
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/compstyle
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/confd
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/directory
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/editor
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/environment
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/history
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/homebrew
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/macos
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/utility
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/zfunctions

# OMZ
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/direnv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/golang
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/kubectl
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/podman
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/python
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rust
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/tmux
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/uv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/vagrant

# vi: ft=properties
